[BLOG] Add whats-new-in-sympy-14 (#609)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/whats-new-in-sympy-14.md

---
title: "What's New in SymPy 1.4"
published: May 5, 2019
author: aaron-meurer

> description: 'SymPy 1.4 was released on April 9, 2019. In this post, I'd like to go over some of the highlights for this release.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: "SymPy 1.4 was released on April 9, 2019. In this post, I'd like to go over some of the highlights for this release."
```

---
title: "What's New in SymPy 1.4"
published: May 5, 2019
author: aaron-meurer
description: "SymPy 1.4 was released on April 9, 2019. In this post, I'd like to go over some of the highlights for this release."
category: [PyData ecosystem]
featuredImage:
  src: /posts/whats-new-in-sympy-14/blog_feature_org.svg
  alt: 'An illustration of a brown and a dark brown hand coming towards each other to pass a business card with the logo of Quansight Labs.'
hero:
  imageSrc: /posts/whats-new-in-sympy-14/blog_hero_org.svg
  imageAlt: 'An illustration of a white hand holding up a microphone, with some graphical elements highlighting the top of the microphone.'
---

As of November, 2018, I have been working at
[Quansight](https://www.quansight.com/), under the heading of [Quansight

> Labs](https://www.quansight.com/labs). Quansight Labs is a public-benefit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labs](https://labs.quansight.org). Quansight Labs is a public-benefit
```

Reviewer: updated to our current homepage
